adding docs for sdk methods (#20)
fixie-ai/ultradox: docs/src/content/docs/sdk.mdx

joinCall(joinUrl: string): UltravoxSessionState
```
Joins a call. Requires a joinUrl (string). Returns an [`UltravoxSessionState`](#ultravox-session-state).

#### leaveCall()

```typescript
async leaveCall(): Promise<void>
```
Leaves the current call. Returns a promise (with no return value) that resolves when the call has successfully been left.

#### sendText()

```typescript
sendText(text: string): void
```
Sends a message to the model. Model replies via text transcript. Requires inputting the text message (string).

#### isMicMuted()

```typescript
isMicMuted(): boolean
```
Returns a boolen indicating if the end user's microphone is muted. This is scoped to the Ultravox SDK and does not detect muting done by the user outside of your application.

#### isSpeakerMuted()

```typescript
isSpeakerMuted(): boolean
```
Returns a boolen indicating if the speaker (the agent's voice output) is muted. This is scoped to the Ultravox SDK and does not detect muting done by the user outside of your application.

#### muteMic()

```typescript
muteMic(): void
```
Mutes the end user's microphone. This is scoped to the Ultravox SDK.

#### unmuteMic()

```typescript
unmuteMic(): void
```

> Un mutes the end user's microphone. This is scoped to the Ultravox SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unmutes the end user's microphone. This is scoped to the Ultravox SDK.
```

#### muteSpeaker()

```typescript
muteSpeaker(): void
```
Mutes the end user's speaker (the agent's voice output). This is scoped to the Ultravox SDK.

#### unmuteSpeaker()

```typescript
unmuteSpeaker(): void
```

> Un mutes the end user's speaker (the agent's voice output). This is scoped to the Ultravox SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unmutes the end user's speaker (the agent's voice output). This is scoped to the Ultravox SDK.
```
